Update Documents and Pictures for gateway architecture (#1352)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/microservices_architecture.md

The JHipster microservices architecture works in the following way:

> * A [gateway]({{ site.url }}/api-gateway/) is a JHipster-generated application (using the microservice gateway type) designed to handle web traffic and serve an Angular, React, or VueJs application. While you can have multiple gateways following the [Backends for Frontends pattern](https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/bff-soundcloud), it's not required. The gateway is built on the Spring Cloud Gateway library and supports both MVC and Flux frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A [gateway]({{ site.url }}/api-gateway/) is a JHipster-generated application (using the microservice gateway type) designed to handle web traffic and serve an Angular, React, or Vue application. While you can have multiple gateways following the [Backends for Frontends pattern](https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/bff-soundcloud), it's not required. The gateway is built on the Spring Cloud Gateway library and supports both MVC and WebFlux frameworks.
```
